Burp Suite: used for testing web and mobile applications; testing Application Programming Interfaces(APIs)
Features:
1. Proxy: allow to intercept and modify requests/responses 
2. Repeater: allow to capture, modify, then resend the same request numerous times (SQLi)
3. Intruder: allows to spry an endpoint with requests, used to bruteforce attacks or fuzz endpoints
4. Decoder: provides decoding of information, encoding a payload efficiently
5. Comparer: compare two pieces of data at either word or byte level
6. Sequencer: assessing randomness tokens, cookie values or random data
-possible to write extensions to burp framework using python and ruby

Installation: (pre-packaged with Kali Linux)
Application Interface: 
1. Tasks: define background tasks Burp Suite will run 
2. Event Log: information about connections made through Burp
3. Issue Activity (pro only)
4. Advisory: information about the vulnerabilities found and suggested remediations

Navigation: 
top bar menus (dashboard, target, proxy ...)
window -> detach(dashboard, target, proxy...): focus on a specific part
shortcuts:
ctrl + shift + D -> switch to Dashboard
ctrl + shift + T -> switch to Target tab
ctrl + shift + P -> switch to Proxy tab
ctrl + shift + I -> switch to Intruder tab
ctrl + shift + R -> switch to repeater tab

Global settings - User options tab
Project settings - Project options tab
can't save projects so Burp will reset during close

User options: 
1. connections: control how Burp makes connections to target (set a proxy for burp to connect through)
2. TLS: enable and disable Transport Layer Security options (place to upload client certificates)
3. Display: change looks (dark/light mode)
4. Misc: HotKeys(change keyboard shortcuts)

Project options
1. connections: over-ride application-wide settings
2. HTTP: defines how Burp handles various aspects of HTTP protocol (handle redirects, unusual responses)
3. TLS: over-ride application-wide TLS options, show list of public server certificates for listed sites
4. Sessions: options for handling sessions, control Burp obtains,saves and uses session cookies/automation
5. Misc: Similar to user-options misc, options for logging and embedded browser

-----

Introduction to Burp Proxy
***
-allows us to capture requests and responses between ourselves and our target
-can be manipulated or sent to other tools for further processing
-using Burp Proxy: capture our request and allowed to continue only when explicitly defined
-Using Burp Proxy: capture response from server and allow it to continue when explicitly defined
-Important to take control of web traffic
1. Active Proxy makes request to website
2. Broswer making request will hang (request appears in the Proxy tab)
3. Choose to forward or drop the request (potentially after editing it) - we can send request to other Burp modules, copy it as cURL command, save it to a file etc
-Intercept is off - allows requests to pass through the proxy without being stopped (Burp suite will still log request but doesn't hang before sending request)
-Burp will also capture and log WebSocket communication
-Proxy specific options in options sub-tab: control over proxy operation, creat rules etc
-Match and Replace: perform regex on incoming and outgoing requests (automatically change user agent to emulate different browser in outgoing requests)

Connecting through the Proxy
1. use the embedded browser
2. configure local web browser to proxy our traffic through Burp

127.0.0.1:8080 (default web interface) - redirect all web traffic
fire fox extension (FoxyProxy)
standard vs basic
standard - more control over traffic

Proxy HTTPS
-add burp certificates

Burp Suite Browser
-Allow the embedded browser to run without a sandbox

Scoping
-define what gets proxied and logged
-target certain web applications to test
-target tab, right click - add to scope

Site Map and Issue Definitions
-site map: map out the apps we are targeting in a tree structure. every page is logged 
-scope: control burp target scope 
-issue definitions: list of all vulns burp looks for ****LOTS OF INFO HERE***


